# Tactical

A repository of tactical utilities.

__Python__
- [ram_check](#ram_check)

__Bash__
- [latex/mkebox](#mkebox)
- [latex/mktikz](#mktikz)



## Python


<a name="ram_check">
  
### ram_check

Checks if a file is small enough to be loaded into memory without causing swapping:
```python
tactical.io.size_ram_check(filename)
```
- `filename` is a string
- returns nothing; requires user input to proceed if file is too large



## Bash


<a name="mktikz">
  
### latex/mktikz.sh

Compiles a set of .tikz files into .pdf figures. Usage:
``` bash
./mkfig.sh width height output_directory files
```
where:
- *width* is the width of the figure, relative to \linewidth
- *height* is the height of the figure, relative to \linewidth
- *output_directory* is the directory in which pdf files will be generated
- *files* is a regular expression indicating one or more .tikz files

Notice that the value of \linewidth used is the one for the standard book class. This should work well in most cases.

For best results, when including the pdf figures use the same width as the one here specified. In this way, text size will be the same in all figures.

> NOTICE: this script works correctly if input .tikz files do not have width and height specifications; this is usually the case for a file generated by pgfplotlib.


<a name="mkebox">
  
### latex/mkebox.sh

Compiles an ebox provided as a standalone .tikz file (outputs a .pdf). Usage:
``` bash
./mkebox.sh output_directory files
```
where:
- *output_directory* is the directory in which pdf files will be generated
- *files* is a regular expression indicating one or more .tikz files
